Assignment 1Video lectureAnswer1: Learning about movement helps in understanding the nature of movement as well as the reason due to which movement caused. This type of data helps in studying the factors involved in decision making of a brain. With this knowledge researchers could try to simulate the same behaviors in the designing of systems. Answer2: There are other techniques that have been applied to such issues but Bayesian inference still remains dominant in this field.Pdf1Answer1: Understanding history of interaction makes an individual understand about the trends in  evolution pattern of the emerging technologiesas well as about the factors which influenced the interaction design throughout its evolution. With the help of this knowledgecurrent designers will be able to build systems which will be according to the present need of individuals.Answer2:Understanding that how individuals interacted with the systems previously, what were the gaps in those systems, what should be changed as well as also understanding the need of designing interaction systems today, will shape the foundation of different emerging technologies. There  were different ways through which individuals interacted with the systems as mentioned in the pdf. Various instances are mentioned like visual metaphors, pattern recognition, graphical representations, etc. The trends in gradual incorporation of human skills and abilities allows computation to be made more widely accessible to people without requiring extensive training and, to be more easily integrated into our daily lives by reducing the complexity of those interactions.Answer3: The pdf described history of human computer interaction. It explained about their evolution through time and how the individuals way of interacting with them changed with time. Earlier their were computer systems, almost fifty years ago were quite expensive and computational time was large enough , due to which individuals had to work more in order to reduce computational time.With time this, scientists were able to develop computer systems with reduced computational time as well as human interaction. Also, various types of computer systems were introduced which interacted in a different way individuals, for achieving a particular task. Initially computers were electric devices, there were analog computers which were used in labs.Then came into existence, symbolic computers, which were characterized by the symbolic forms of interaction. With this requirements of programming computers changed from purely relying on machines to regularized and well understood capacities that would be available across a wide range of machines. After these, text based interactions with computer systems , came into existence. Though there were computer systems which interacted with humans before, the idea of actual human computer interaction was derived from the text-based interaction. After this, graphical interaction came into existence. It gave a new direction to human computer interaction and opened the world to 1D , 2-D, 3D interaction. it is considered most dominant types of interactions being used today.After this peripheral attention, pattern recognition and Spatial Reasoning, Information Density, as well as Visual Metaphors came into existence. it was along transition from interacting with computers using a soldering iron to interacting using a mouse. This study gave the trends in evolution of interactions.The study of trends of human skills and abilities could offer a model for what sort of research opportunities could be developed. After the study of evolution of human computer interactions, the new models for interactive system designs were discussed. Among the new models, graphical interaction still remains predominant . In 1981, Xerox's Star was the first computer to ship with features of a graphical user interface.it is still dominant type of interaction today. But , researchers are also looking for other options like finding different ways of computing, finding tangible and social approaches to computing. First general trend in tangible computing is distribute computation across variety of devices, secondly work on physical distribution has already been started, third topic of discussion in tangible computing is how different approaches could be harnessed for creating creative environments. A lot has already been done in this direction and a lot has to be explored.Pdf2Answer1: The somatic approach can provide tools and techniques for an individual to acquire some sense of mastery over their own mental, emotional and physical well-being. With help of somatic approaches user behaviors and experience could be evaluated, which will be helpful in building more precise HCI systems.Answer2: The four somatic instrumental values are:Self as a set of states.Attention as an Operator.Experience as a skill.Interconnectedness as empathy.Answer3: